Kol Hakavod to NAME for being my best friend
Kol Hakavod to the tennis team for winning their first game this season
Kol Hakavod to the freshman for making it through their first semester
Kol Hakavod to the seniors for getting through the college apps process 
Kol Hakavod to NAME for always being there for me
Kol Hakavod to NAME for always making me laugh
Kol Hakavod to the basketball team for winning three games in a row.
Kol Hakavod to the teachers for working so hard this year
Kol Hakavod to NAME you’ll never know which one
Kol Hakavod to NAME you always make my day a little brighter
Kol Hakavod to Ms. Woodham for always having tea in her room.
Kol Hakavod to NAME for being the best brother ever.
Kol Hakavod to NAME for always getting me food
Kol Hakavod to Joy for making Kab Shab so fun
Kol Hakavod to NAME  for being a good brother
Kol Hakavod to NAME  for being a old brother
Kol Hakavod to NAME  for being a good sister
Kol Hakavod to NAME  for being a epic sister
Kol Hakavod to NAME  for being a small brother
Kol Hakavod to NAME  for being a good sister
Kol Hakavod to Dr. Baharav for being the best advanced algorithms teacher
Kol Hakavod to Mr. G for fun physics time
Kol Hakavod to Ms. Woodham for laying down the woodhammer
Kol Hakavod to Mr. Chang for giving us water
Kol Hakavod to Everyone who was in the VPA show
Kol Hakavod to the tennis team
Kol Hakavod to Dr. Baharav for getting the track team icecream
Kol Hakavod to NAME for being the best patherfinder main
Kol Hakavod to everyone who got denied from usc
Kol Hakavod to people who are going to college
Kol Hakavod to film club I don’t even know if your still there
Kol Hakavod to for jake for being a dad
Kol Hakavod to to Mr. Ribay for being a chad
Kol Hakavod to Oliver for believing countries should be separated by religion
Kol Hakavod to Jason for using his other hand
Kol Hakavod to Jake for showing me his mineral collection yesterday. It was really eye opening, and taught me a lot about science.
Kol Hakavod to Dylan for teaching me about his culture. It really was an eye opening experience!
Kol Hakavod to Zach for inviting me over for shabbat dinner. I learned a lot about his colombian heritage, and it was really eye opening!
Kol Hakavod to Aidan for getting into GW.
Kol Hakavod to NAME for getting into UCLA!
Kol Hakavod to NAME for getting into USC!
Kol Hakavod to NAME for getting into college! I share the same excitement as you do!
Kol Hakavod to my friends for helping me out when my arm stopped working.
Kol Hakavod to NAME for giving me a hand when mine (literally) stopped working. You'll never know which one!
Kol Hakavod to NAME for teaching me how to fish over the weekend. It was really an eye opening experience!
Kol Hakavod to Ryan for typing for me when my arm stopped working.
Kol Hakavod to Mr. Kelly for showing me computer science!
Kol Hakavod to Dr. Baharav for showing me computer science! You'll never know which one!
Kol Hakavod to NAME for helping move out the other day. Thank you!
Kol Hakavod to NAME for giving me the heads up that I was about to crash into a semi.
Kol Hakavod to NAME for showing me how to use chopsticks. You'll never know which one!
Kol Hakavod to NAME for teaching me how to shoot chopsticks.
Kol Hakavod to NAME for going to the glizzy range with me. You'll never know which one!
Kol Hakavod to NAME for teaching me how to shoot a glizzy at the driving range!
Kol Hakavod to NAME for shining my shoes the other day.
Kol Hakavod to my best friends for getting me through the toughest of times.
Kol Hakavod to NAME for getting me through the toughest of times.
Kol Hakavod to NAME for being a good friend.
Kol Hakavod to NAME for teaching me something new!
Kol Hakavod to the juniors for making aliyah.
Kol Hakavod to the seniors for almost finishing their last year!
Kol Hakavod to the juniors for almost finishing their second to last year!
Kol Hakavod to the sophomores for almost finishing their second year!
Kol Hakavod to the freshman for almost finishing their first year!
Kol Hakavod to NAME for being such a great friend.
Kol Hakavod to NAME, you'll never know which one!
Kol Hakavod to the baseball team, you'll never know which one!
Kol Hakavod to the seniors, you'll never know which one!
Kol Hakavod to the teachers, you'll never know which one!
Kol Hakavod to NAME. You're the best big brother ever!
Kol Hakavod to NAME. You're the best big sister ever!
Kol Hakavod to NAME. You're the best little brother ever!
Kol Hakavod to NAME. You're the best little sister ever!
Kol Hakavod to NAME, you'll never know which one
Kol Hakavod to NAME, Thanks for making Advanced Algorithms fun
Kol Hakavod to NAME
Kol Hakavod to the baseball team, you tried
Kol Hakavod to NAME, NAME, and NAME for running Kab Shab
Kol Hakavod to NAME for setting up Purim
Kol Hakavod to NAME for a great VPA Show
Kol Hakavod to NAME for making Economics amazing and entertaining
Kol Hakavod to the Seniors, just a month left
Kol Hakavod to NAME, we'll miss you :(
Kol Hakavod to NAME for coordinating all the band performances
Kol Hakavod to NAME, thanks for teaching me how to not suck at guitar
Kol Hakavod to NAME, you absolute legend
Kol Hakavod to NAME, you'll never know which one
Kol Hakavod to NAME, you'll never know which one
Kol Hakavod to Jason for typing while crippled
Kol Hakavod to NAME, thanks for saving me from all my pre-performance stress and finding my guitar picks
Kol Hakavod to NAME, NAME, and NAME, thanks for playing with me, you guys killed it
Kol Hakavod to all the bands, you all did great.
Kol Hakavod to the Basketball Team, you all did great.
Kol Hakavod to NAME, thanks for putting the flags up
Kol Hakavod to NAME, you'll never know which one.
Kol Hakavod to the soccer team for winning against JCHS.
Kol Hakavod to the volleyball team for a great season.
Kol Hakavod to NAME, you brighten my day.
Kol Hakavod to NAME for being a great friend.
Kol Hakavod to Dr Bennett for being Dr Bennett.
Kol Hakavod to Block 9 Band for a great performance.
Kol Hakavod to the entire cast of the play. You guys did a great job!
Kol Hakavod to NAME. You do you.
Kol Hakavod to NAME for being so funny.
Kol Hakavod to the baseball team for winning their first game.
Kol Hakavod to NAME, you're a great friend.
Kol Hakavod to Dr. Dooley for being the best Jewish Art teacher.
Kol Hakavod to the college counsellors. I couldn't have done it without you.
Kol Hakavod to Mr. Schloss. Schloss is boss.
Kol Hakavod to NAME for only typing with his left hand.
Kol Hakavod to the freshman class for surviving your first week.